---
layout: post
title: Markdown测试
author: zgh1949
release: false
---

# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6


H1
=

H2
----

I just love **bold text**.

Italicized text is the *cat's meow*.

This text is ***really important***.

> Dorothy followed her through many of the beautiful rooms in her castle.


> #### The quarterly results look great!
>
> - Revenue was off the chart.
> - Profits were higher than ever.
>
>  *Everything* is going according to **plan**.


1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item
    1. Indented item
    2. Indented item
4. Fourth item

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
- Fourth item


*   This is the first list item.
*   Here's the second list item.

    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.

*   And here's the third list item.


At the command prompt, type `nano`.

At the command prompt, type `nano`.


    <html>
      <head>
      </head>
    </html>

***
---
___________


My favorite search engine is [Duck Duck Go](https://duckduckgo.com).


<https://markdown.p2hp.com>
<fake@example.com>


In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends
of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to
eat: it was a [hobbit-hole][1], and that means comfort.

[1]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hobbit#Lifestyle> "Hobbit lifestyles"


| Syntax      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header      | Title       |
| Paragraph   | Text        |


| Syntax | Description |
| --- | ----------- |
| Header | Title |
| Paragraph | Text |


| Syntax      | Description | Test Text     |
| :---        |    :----:   |          ---: |
| **Header**      | Title       | Here's this   |
| Paragraph   | Text        | And more      |


```json
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "age": 25
}
```


Here's a simple footnote,[^1] and here's a longer one.[^bignote]

[^1]: This is the first footnote.

[^bignote]: Here's one with multiple paragraphs and code.

    Indent paragraphs to include them in the footnote.

    `{ my code }`

    Add as many paragraphs as you like.


First Term
: This is the definition of the first term.

Second Term
: This is one definition of the second term.
: This is another definition of the second term.

~~The world is flat.~~ We now know that the world is round.

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media

`http://www.example.com`